Fix executive links (#454)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: website/versioned_docs/version-1.0/runtime/types/module-struct.md

);
```

> This tuple is used by the runtime's [Executive module](https://substrate.dev/rustdocs/master/frame_executive/index.html) which handles orchestration of executing these modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tuple is used by the runtime's [Executive module](https://substrate.dev/rustdocs/v1.0/srml_executive/index.htmll) which handles orchestration of executing these modules.
```

Author: good catch
